Update tmr-meeting-recording-change.md (#7428)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/tmr-meeting-recording-change.md

|Adhoc/Scheduled meeting                    |Other meeting member   |Meeting member who clicked on Record                                  |Member who clicked on Record has full rights to the recording. <br /><br />Organizer has edit rights and can share.<br /><br /> All other meeting members have read access.|
|Adhoc/Scheduled meeting with external users|Organizer              |Organizer’s OneDrive for Business account                     |Organizer has full rights to the recording.<br /> <br /> All other members of the meeting from the same tenant as the organizer have read access. <br /><br /> All other external members have no access, and the Organizer must share it to them.|
|Adhoc/Scheduled meeting with external users|Other meeting member   |Member who clicked on Record                                  |Member who clicked on Record has full rights to the recording. Organizer has edit rights and can share. <br /><br /> All other members of the meeting from the same tenant as the organizer have read access. <br /><br />All other external members have no access, and the Organizer must share it to them.|

> |Channel meeting                            |Channel Member         |Teams' SharePoint location for that channel. Channel Meeting Recording upload to SP is not supported for IP based restrictions (we are working to enable it). Meanwhile using simple conditional access is recommended.                   |Member who clicked on Record has edit rights to the recording. <br /> <br />Every other member’s permissions are based on the Channel SharePoint permissions.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Channel meeting                            |Channel Member         |Teams' SharePoint location for that channel. Channel Meeting Recording upload to SharePoint is not supported for IP-based restrictions (we are working to enable it). Meanwhile, we recommend using simple conditional access.                   |Member who clicked on Record has edit rights to the recording. <br /> <br />Every other member’s permissions are based on the Channel SharePoint permissions.|
```

Author: These recommendations are good. Thanks @JohanFreelancer9

> |Channel meeting                            |Channel Member         |Teams' SharePoint location for that channel. Channel meeting recording upload to SharePoint is not supported for IP-based restrictions (we are working to enable it). Meanwhile, we recommend using simple conditional access.                   |Member who clicked on Record has edit rights to the recording. <br /> <br />Every other member’s permissions are based on the Channel SharePoint permissions.|

Author: Can we pls make some more edits here for additional clarity- 

Channel meeting recording upload to SharePoint is not supported for IP-based restrictions. We recommend using Azure conditional access.      https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/overview

Reviewer 2: hi @devikabhagwats Will you please save a file with your changes? I'll create a local branch under my login and make the changes there. Cindy

Author: Okay sounds good

Author: Any more actions on me?

Reviewer 2: Hi @devikabhagwats,  Are you an MS employee? I sent a chat message to a Devika a few minutes ago.

Author: Yes I am MS employee. I just responded to your chat message. Thanks for proactive response. Let us get this corrected and out asap. Several customers are creating ICMs on this.
